Welcome to this course and building a custom responsive were pressfield Using the bootstrap free framework.
My name's Chris.
Now the guys knew for the process step by step we'll get started by building the great look and feel
template using bootstrap.
One of the most popular front end frameworks in the world.
Once it has built our guides through the process of converting this to a fully functional.
Great look in kustom were pressfield in this course you will learn things such as how to create websites
using bootstrap and custom navigation menus the word press loop how WordPress templates work.
You will learn about widgets custom fields and header images how to add language translation spot your
theme and much much more so this would be the great look and website were going to be buildon for this
course.
This is the home page.
It's a spa based WordPress Theme.
I'm going to guide you through every step of the process.
So we're not just gonna be building the home page.
We're going to actually be building the full site including various blog pages contact and about was
pages and as we get to the WordPress section later on in the across areas such as the latest Office
section we'll be adding custom fields soon to make sure that the website is fully customizable and scroll
ortho down we've got a shop online section and any footer section at the bottom with various links.
The above was the Contact Us page and scroll back to the top of the page will also have a fully functional
blog with the work in bar which includes a search box and also ways to filter down the posts by the
tags.
The categories are the most of the.
And of course this lobby fully customizable by the site administrator and also make sure that users
of your website can leave comments on the posts.
So if you go into the individual posts then I'll get the full version.
Links to previous and next posts in the comments section below.
And also we'll have a latest new section which is pretty much based on the blog section but we apply
WordPress filters to filter down the blog posts by posts.
Type with the category of news and will show you how to do that.
So there were no unnecessary content just to fill up the course just straight to the point videos.
Each one teaching you a new skill to use for your own projects off or paying clients and you may pick
up some Pyrate be along the way.
So what you wait for in on this course and look forward to having you on board.